Fix broken JSON encoding (#729)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

  is used to select dataset labels along a given dimension using
  user-defined predicate functions.

* The xcube Python environment is now requiring 
  `xarray >= 2022.6` and `zarr >= 2.11` to ensure sparse 
  Zarr datasets can be written using `dataset.to_zarr(store)`. (#688)

> * Added new class `xcube.util.jsonencoder.NumpyJSONEncoder` that 
>   is used to serialize numpy-like scalar values to JSON.
>   The new encoder is required because `xcube io dump` was broken 
>   due to the updated env.

Author: ```suggestion
* Added new module `xcube.util.jsonencoder` that 
  offers class `NumpyJSONEncoder` that  used to serialize 
  numpy-like scalar values to JSON. It also offers the function 
  `to_json_value()` to convert Python objects into JSON-serializable 
  versions. The new functionality is required to ensure dataset
  attributes that are JSON-serializable. For example, latest
  `rioxarray` generates a `_FillValue` attribute with datatype `np.uint8`. 
```
